Instructions

Step 1: Create a new repository on your Github account named "repo-exercise". Ensure that "Add a README file" is selected.

Step 2: Open the Terminal and authenticate using gh (Github CLI):
"gh auth login"

Step 3: Create an authentication token in your Github account with specified scopes given in the terminal. Copy it from Github and paste it. Verify authorization was successful.


Step 4: Clone the repository using its GitHub CLI.
"gh repo clone <YOUR USERNAME>/<REPOSITORY-NAME> "

Step 5: Move to the repo directory by using "cd <REPOSITORY-NAME>"

Step 6: Download and add the"result.txt" to the repository folder on your local machine

Step 7: In the Git terminal, run the "git status" command.

Step 8: Verify that the output shows "result.txt" as an untracked file.

Step 9: Run the command "git add result.txt"

Step 10: Run the "git status" command again.

Step 11: Verify that the output shows "result.txt" as a tracked file.

Step 12: Next, run the "git commit" command and specify the commit message as "Successful exercise"

Step 13: Verify that the output shows "result.txt" with create mode

Step 14: Next, run the "git push" command.

Step 15: Verify that the output pushed successfully.

Step 16: On Github, go to your repository page.

Step 17: Verify that the "result.txt" file is listed. You may need to refresh the page to see the changes. 




    git add Feature.js
    git commit -m 'chore: added feature 1!!'
    git pull origin main
    git push -u origin feature1


    HEAD
    cd .git
    cat /refs/heads/main

    switch branch
    git checkout testing
    git branch

    cat .git/HEAD


Step 1: Open the Terminal and authenticate using gh (Github CLI):
"gh auth login"

Step 2: Create an authentication token in your Github account with specified scopes given in the terminal. Copy it from Github and paste it. Verify authorization was successful.

Step 3: Visit the class repo and click the fork button.

Step 4: Clone the repository using the GitHub CLI command.
"gh repo clone <YOUR USERNAME>/<REPOSITORY-NAME> "

Step 5: Move to the repo directory by using "cd <REPOSITORY-NAME>"

Step 6: Open the file named "class.txt"

Step 7: Replace the content of the file with the contents below.

Crimson
Orange
Blue
Cyan
Yellow
Charcoal
Khaki
Coral
Silver
Fuchsia
Purple
Brown
Red

Step 8: Save the file

Step 9: Using the diff command, note which lines were deleted and which lines were added.
"git diff"
 
Step 10: Add the file and commit it to the repository with a message.
"git add class.txt"
"git commit"

Step 11: Push the commit to the forked repository.
"git push" 